README.md, before:

# Roadmap
This repository contains my up-to-date personal roadmap 🧭

## 2023
---

### Certifications
- [x] CompTIA [Security+](https://www.comptia.org/certifications/security)
- [ ] Microsoft Certified: [Azure Security Engineer Associate](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/certifications/azure-security-engineer/)


### Courses
- [ ] [SOC Level 1](https://tryhackme.com/path/outline/soclevel1) on TryHackMe
- [ ] [Red Teaming](https://tryhackme.com/path/outline/redteaming) on TryHackMe
- [ ] [JR Penetration Tester](https://tryhackme.com/path/outline/jrpenetrationtester) on TryHackMe
- [ ] [Web Security & Bug Bounty](https://www.udemy.com/course/web-security-and-bug-bounty-learn-penetration-testing/) on Udemy
- [ ] [Relational Database](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/relational-database/) on FreeCodeCamp
- [ ] [Information Security](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/information-security/) on FreeCodeCamp
- [ ] [Responsive Web Design](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/2022/responsive-web-design/) on FreeCodeCamp
- [ ] [Back End Development and APIs](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/back-end-development-and-apis/) on FreeCodeCamp
- [ ] [Complete Ethical Hacking Bootcamp: Zero to Mastery](https://www.udemy.com/course/complete-ethical-hacking-bootcamp-zero-to-mastery/) on Udemy

### Reading
- [x] Atomic Habits - James Clear
- [x] 12 Rules for Life - Jordan Peterson
- [x] Il Deserto dei Tartari - Dino Buzzati
- [x] Alice's Adventures in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
- [ ] Bushido, La Via del guerriero
- [ ] Elogio dell Follia - Erasmo da Rotterdam
- [ ] The Lord of the Rings, The Fellowship of the Ring - J.R.R. Tolkien
- [ ] The Lord of the Rings, The Two Towers - J.R.R. Tolkien
- [ ] The Lord of the Rings, The Return of the King - J.R.R. Tolkien

Commit message:

Add Elements of AI course

README.md, after:

# Roadmap
This repository contains my up-to-date personal roadmap 🧭

## 2023
---

### Certifications
- [x] CompTIA [Security+](https://www.comptia.org/certifications/security)
- [ ] Microsoft Certified: [Azure Security Engineer Associate](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/certifications/azure-security-engineer/)


### Courses
- [ ] [SOC Level 1](https://tryhackme.com/path/outline/soclevel1) on TryHackMe
- [ ] [Red Teaming](https://tryhackme.com/path/outline/redteaming) on TryHackMe
- [ ] [JR Penetration Tester](https://tryhackme.com/path/outline/jrpenetrationtester) on TryHackMe
- [ ] [Web Security & Bug Bounty](https://www.udemy.com/course/web-security-and-bug-bounty-learn-penetration-testing/) on Udemy
- [ ] [Relational Database](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/relational-database/) on FreeCodeCamp
- [ ] [Information Security](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/information-security/) on FreeCodeCamp
- [ ] [Responsive Web Design](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/2022/responsive-web-design/) on FreeCodeCamp
- [ ] [Back End Development and APIs](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/back-end-development-and-apis/) on FreeCodeCamp
- [ ] [Complete Ethical Hacking Bootcamp: Zero to Mastery](https://www.udemy.com/course/complete-ethical-hacking-bootcamp-zero-to-mastery/) on Udemy
- [ ] [Elements of AI](https://www.elementsofai.com/) from MinnaLearn and the University of Helsinki
  - [ ] Introduction to AI
  - [ ] Building AI


### Reading List
- [x] Atomic Habits - James Clear
- [x] 12 Rules for Life - Jordan Peterson
- [x] Il Deserto dei Tartari - Dino Buzzati
- [x] Alice's Adventures in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
- [ ] Bushido, La Via del guerriero
- [ ] Elogio dell Follia - Erasmo da Rotterdam
- [ ] The Lord of the Rings, The Fellowship of the Ring - J.R.R. Tolkien
- [ ] The Lord of the Rings, The Two Towers - J.R.R. Tolkien
- [ ] The Lord of the Rings, The Return of the King - J.R.R. Tolkien
